.TH datenstrahler 1 "2017-09-09" "datenstrahler" "User Commands"
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH NAME
datenstrahler \- display a web site
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdatenstrahler\fP
[\fB\-c\fP \fIclass\fP]
[\fB\-C\fP]
[\fB\-d\fP]
[\fB\-f\fP]
[\fB\-g\fP \fIgeometry\fP]
[\fB\-i\fP \fIname\fP]
[\fB\-r\fP \fIreload_interval\fP]
[\fB\-z\fP \fIzoom\fP]
\fIuri\fP
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program displays a web site. It's meant to be used in
\(lqinformation radiators\(rq or similar applications: You create a
simple web site that displays some useful information and then you use
\fBdatenstrahler\fP on a small computer with a large screen to display
that web site.
.P
A few hints:
.P
.IP \(bu 4
If you want to hide scroll bars, you must do this in the CSS code of
your web site.
.IP \(bu 4
You should refrain from using iframes. \fBdatenstrahler\fP will
automatically reload the web site if there's a loading error (e.g.,
disconnected from network), but it won't detect these kinds of errors in
iframes.
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fP \fIclass\fP, \fB\-i\fP \fIname\fP
Set the \(lqWM_CLASS\(rq property of the X11 window. Defaults to
\fBDatenstrahler\fP as class and \fBdatenstrahler\fP as name.
.TP
\fB\-C\fP
Do not accept cookies. Note that \fBdatenstrahler\fP never stores
cookies on disk anyway. This setting merely controls the cookie
acceptance policy of the running session. Defaults to WebKit's default
(most likely \(lqaccept all cookies\(rq).
.TP
\fB\-d\fP
Uses a \(lqpseudo desktop window\(rq. This bypasses the window manager
and tries to place the window below all other windows. You will very
likely want to use the \fB\-g\fP option as well.
.TP
\fB\-f\fP
Start up in fullscreen mode. Turned off by default.
.TP
\fB\-g\fP \fIgeometry\fP
Apply the X11 geometry string \fIgeometry\fP to the window.
.TP
\fB\-r\fP \fIreload_interval\fP
Automatically reload the URL after this many seconds. Defaults to
\fB0\fP which means \(lqdisabled\(rq. Note that automatic reloading on
page load failures and WebView crashes will be disabled if \fB\-r\fP is
given.
.TP
\fB\-z\fP \fIzoom\fP
Zoom the web page. \fIzoom\fP defaults to \fB1.0\fP.
.P
You can customize \fBdatenstrahler\fP further by editing the file
\fIconfig.h\fP and recompiling the source code.
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH LICENSE
\fBdatenstrahler\fP is released under the MIT license. See the
accompanying \fILICENSE\fP file.
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH HISTORY
\fBdatenstrahler\fP was originally written by Peter Hofmann. The project
was started in August 2015.
.P
\fBdatenstrahler\fP is a stripped down version of \fBlariza\fP(1).
Furthermore, \fBdatenstrahler\fP is meant to replace \fBwepsyte\fP: A
small Python script which served the same purpose, but which was using
the old and now deprecated WebKit1 API.
.P
For reference:
.P
.IP \(bu 4
.UR https://\:github.com/\:vain/\:lariza
lariza
.UE
.IP \(bu 4
.UR https://\:github.com/\:vain/\:bin-pub/\:blob/\:master/\:wepsyte
wepsyte
.UE
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lariza (1).
